---
title: Story1 A man from a parallel universe part 1 Introductory Words and Rituals
date: 2023-08-15
author: Yassine Elmarrueco
layout: post
tags:
  - Fiction
  - Psychology
  - Spirituality
category: Essays
---

Planet: Thrae
Galaxy: Skynova
Year: Adoy Era, 3223 DC

My name is Nobodi, I came from another world called planet Thrae from a distant galaxy of a parallel universe to your universe. I am a human like every other human in your world and I am an adult now, I managed or let's say the fortune managed I stay alive for the past 35 years. The only difference between my world and yours is that we live in what you call the future. I was born in 2185 and here's the thing like every human on earth I had child issues so later on I had been a loser man, weak, creep, lazy, narcissistic, all the negative qualities you can imagine. 

Nonetheless while I was psychologically devastated I was a curious mind, I had an insatiable hunger for knowledge, understanding, intellectual adventures. I read a lot of books, one day I became aware of the symbolic treasures I accumulated and these treasures somehow melted and gave birth to a bright inner light. The light materialized in one simple thought, the thought that changed my life, the thought that showed me the secret formula for change, for becoming a high value man, the man that I dreamed to be or I wanted to be, I discovered the secret formula that gave me power, the real power to heal myself, to change things. 

Now with confidence and assurance I changed my name from Nobodi to Ican then I changed it a second time to Iam. So from now on you can call me Iam.

I know you're curious about the secret formula that turned me from a miserable human being to a new human being full of power and confidence. Please be patient this is a long story and I have not started it yet. 

Put on your seat belts I am going to take you with me for a journey to the land of hope and dreams, facts and feelings, I am going to change your mind, and if I  succeeded to change your mind so I reached my goal and the light has already touched you. for if you changed your mind you can change your reality, because let me tell you there is no such thing as reality. Your reality inside and outside of yourself you can shape it, create it as you wish, you have the potential for this achievement, you are a copy of divine light. You came already from God and the divine light and guidance are already within you.

How can I change your mind ? you ask! And is it enough for one to change his  mind about something to act fully and consistently in a specific direction ?

Here come the power of words, words convey thoughts and if we change our thoughts we can act accordingly, but to act accordingly is not always easy and obvious, that's why I will emphasize the power of Rituals, you should install rituals in your life that will turn the liberating thoughts into strong beliefs and into feelings.

Ready ? see you in the next part of my story. 

  
